# Signable
Our project is called Signable. Signable is a study tool designed to help Princeton American Sign Language Students (ASL) learn and study sign language effectively. Our central goal is to help change the current approach to studying ASL at Princeton by providing an application that allows students to self-study ASL in a more robust, efficient manner. We plan to accomplish this by developing a comprehensive flashcard feature that is specifically designed to accommodate studying ASL. Our flashcard feature will not only allow students to practice ASL to English translation, but also practice actual sign language expressions by comparing their signing to reference video. While we initially plan to populate Signable’s flashcard feature with ASL 101 vocabulary, through the addition of an administrator feature that can be utilized by professors, Signable will have the ability to scale and accommodate a large number of different sign language classes. Furthermore, time permitting, we plan to develop a quiz functionality feature that can both diversify the studying experience.

With these features, we hope to transform the current approach to teaching and learning ASL at Princeton, providing a robust application that Princeton students and professors alike can use to streamline their approach to learning and teaching ASL. In the process, we hope to not only make learning ASL more enjoyable, but also more accessible to students who may be intimidated by the intricacies and difficulties of learning such a complex language.
